[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Goku and Gohan
intensified their training
in the Hyperbolic
Time Chamber.
Little could they
know, outside,
the battle against Cell had
taken a turn for the worse...
[CELL]
Come now...
You spent all that time saying
I wouldn't even be a challenge,
and now you're just going to
give up without a decent fight?
♪ opening song ♪
Hrrrghh!
[explosion]
[GOKU] Whoo...!
I am starving...!
OK, let's see...
some meat...
some veggies...
ooh, pineapple!
Gohan'll like that... Yeah,
there, that's good. All right.
[GOKU]
Hey, Gohan!
[GOKU] Come on back,
lunch is ready!
[GOHAN]
'Kay!
[GOKU] Alright, time to
fuel up! Super Saiyan or not,
it's like your
mom always says--
a growing
boy's gotta eat!
[GOHAN]
Right.
[GOKU] But first...
cook this up for us.
Hyaaargh!
Well done! Hmm?
[GOHAN] Dad...
your hair...
[GOKU] Yeah...
I guess...
you've still gotta work on
controlling that power...
[GOHAN]
Right... Sorry.
[GOKU] Whoa,
hot hot hot hot!!!
[panting]
[CELL] Are you sure
that's wise, Sixteen?
You're one step from
the scrap heap as it is...
[CELL] If you were
powerless against me
in my previous form, what do
you really expect to do now?
[VEGETA]
Hyaaaaaaahh!!
Haaaaaaaaaaa!
Hyaaaaaaaaa!!
[TRUNKS] Whoa...
Intense...!
[KRILLIN]
Yeah... but what...
what is he
planning on doing?
[VEGETA]
Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!
Hauuugh! Ahhhhhhh!!!
Hyaaaaaugghh!!
Urrrrrrrgg!!
Hyaaaaaauggghh!!!
[boom]
Haaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Hrrrgggg... Yaaaaaaa!!
Haaauurrrgggh!!
[TRUNKS] It's...
too much...!
[VEGETA]
Cell!
[VEGETA] You've mocked
me for the last time!
You truly believe your power
is that far superior to mine?!
[VEGETA]
Here...!
If you have the guts to
put that to the test...
let's see if you're "perfect"
enough to withstand this!
[TRUNKS] H-He's daring Cell
not to dodge his attack...
but if he really fires
at him from that angle--!
[KRILLIN] Whoa... I didn't
even think about that...!
With that much power
charged up, forget Cell--
he's liable to
blow up the planet!
[TRUNKS] No, don't
fire at the surface...!
Faaaather!! You'll
destroy us all!
[KRILLIN] Move,
Trunks...! Get to cover!
[VEGETA]
Final Flash!!
[crashes]
[CELL]
Oh, no!
[loud explosion]
[distand boom]
[crumbling, rumbling]
[rushing water]
[KRILLIN] Ah, man,
that was close...
[TRUNKS] I guess dad knew
what he was doing all along;
he diverted the blast
at the last second!
[VEGETA] So... did
you like that, Cell?
[pained grunting]
[VEGETA] No...
I guess not.
[CELL] It can't...
be...! It's impossible!
[VEGETA]
Heh heh heh...
Ha ha! Ha ha!
Hahahahahaha!
[KRILLIN] Wow...
He got him...!
I-I think Vegeta just won!
[TRUNKS]
Heh heh heh!
[CELL] My perfect form...
I don't...believe it...!
[CELL] I can't be defeated...
not like this...!
[VEGETA]
Hahahahaha!
[CELL] Not
by a Saiyan!
[VEGETA]
HAHAHAHAHAHA!
[CELL]
No, seriously.
[CELL] You truly
are a fool...
Have you forgotten I share
Piccolo's powers
of regeneration?
[grunting with effort]
[CELL] Well,
look at that.
[CELL]
Now then.
I think I've humored
you long enough.
[VEGETA]
You...!
[loud crash]
[KRILLIN] That
can't...be good...
I-It looks like he's
changing back to normal...!
He's...
he's out cold!
E-Either that
or... he's...
[CELL] Muwahahaha!
Sad isn't it...
all tuckered out and
we'd just gotten started.
[KRILLIN]
Go, Trunks...!
What the heck're
you waitin' for...?
It's now or never!
Get down there, or Vegeta's
gonna be toast for sure!
[KRILLIN] Uh...
Hey... Trunks?
[TRUNKS]
AUGGGHH!!
[CELL]
And...
Good night,
sweet prince...
[TRUNKS]
Errrghh!
Augggh!
[CELL]
Hmm?
[GOKU] 'Kay, son... Let's
see what you've got...
Try to and catch
me if you can!
[GOHAN]
You bet...!
Hyaaa!
[GOKU]
Whoa!
Yeah, not bad...
But you're still gonna
have to do better than that!
[GOKU] Whew...!
That was close!
[bang]
[GOKU]
Whhhooo...
[GOHAN]
Surprise...!
Got'cha.
[GOKU]
Heh... Busted.
[GOKU] Those were some
pretty good moves there.
[GOHAN]
Thanks!
[clank]
[GOKU]
Eh heh heh heh...
Guess we got a little
carried away, didn't we?
[GOHAN] Yeah...
maybe just a bit...
[GOKU] We better fix that
before Mr. Popo sees it.
He's scary when he's angry!
[GOHAN]
Uh-huh... Right.
[TUNKS grunting and
groaning loudly]
[CELL] Now what's
all this noise...?
[CELL]
Is that Trunks...?
[KRILLIN] Oh... man...!
I knew he was hiding some
serious power but this is nuts!
So... this is a
Super Saiyan, huh?
[TRUNKS]
Hey, Krillin...
Do me a favor...
Take my Father back to Master
Roshi's until he recovers.
[KRILLIN]
That's a relief...
So you're still
you, huh...?
For a second there I
was worried you were
about to start
goin' wild on us...
y'know, like Goku used to
when he turned into an ape...
[TRUNKS] Well, not today...
Here, take this.
[TRUNKS] That's the
last Senzu bean.
Can you make sure
Dad gets it as soon as
you have a chance?
[KRILLIN]
Alright...
But, are you sure
that's the best idea?
You don't think you ought'a
keep it for yourself?
[TRUNKS] No, it's okay.
I won't have any use for it.
There's no way
Cell can hurt me.
[KRILLIN] Wow... he's
not lacking in confidence,
I'll give him that...
I hope he's right.
[A16]
Incredible...
Has he been concealing
this much power all along?
[TRUNKS] Step away
from him, Cell. Now!
[CELL] Have you come
to take his place...?
How noble.
[KRILLIN]
They're gone!
[crash]
[KRILLIN]
What... was that?!
[CELL] That's not
bad, kid... Not bad.
[TRUNKS]
Haaauggh!!
[crash]
[splash]
[CELL chuckles]
[CELL]
That's the spirit.
But let's see how long you
can keep that up Trunks.
[KRILLIN]
No... Trunks...
He... can't win...
[KRILLIN]
I get it...
He's just drawing Cell away
so I can rescue Vegeta...
[KRILLIN]
You just had to go
and let Cell reach
his perfect form...
Now look at you.
You're just lucky
Trunks is still here
to clean up your mess...
Otherwise... we'd've
all been history.
[KRILLIN]
Your son's fighting
at a level you could
only dream of...
And because of
your stupid pride,
you'll never
get to see it.
Personally, I've
always thought
that you were more trouble
than you were worth...
But Trunks seems to
feel differently...
Still... I don't have
the slightest clue
what he sees in you.
[CELL] I take it
we can finally fight
without distractions?
Right...? Now that
Vegeta's gone?
[TRUNKS] You...
knew I was stalling?
[CELL]
Of course I did.
Just like I knew you were
intentionally steering
our fight away from
where he'd fallen...
[TRUNKS]
So you say...
Then why did you
let him escape?
[CELL] Why not? I no longer
have any interest in Vegeta.
I'd rather see
what you can do.
[TRUNKS] Be careful
what you wish for, Cell.
[CELL]
That's good...!
I only hope you
can provide me
a better challenge
than your father did.
[NARRATOR] At last, with
Vegeta safely out of the way,
Trunks prepares to
reveal his true power!
But will this level
beyond Super Saiyan
be enough to overcome the
terrifying Perfect Cell?
The stage is set for a
showdown of epic proportions,
and the fate of the world
hangs in the balance--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ ending song ♪
[TRUNKS] Trunks here...
I wasn't strong enough
to stop the Androids
in my time, but I'm
not about to let Cell
turn another future
into a nightmare!
[CELL]
Don't you see, Trunks?
You can't change
it--this is destiny!
[TRUNKS] Don't
give me that!
The only destiny I believe in
is the one I make for myself!
[GOKU] Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai--
[TRUNKS] From this moment
on, I'll write a new future!